README.md, before:

# UmlEditor2

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.2.

## Live Demo

For a live demo please navigate [here](http://185.243.8.129/uml-editor/).

## Current Features

* Drag and Drop of Class Shapes from Shape-Menu to editor panel
* Dragging of elements inside the editor panel
* Resizing of elements inside the editor panel
* Display of element's properties
* Manipluation of element's properties
* Drawing sticky lines between anchor points of Class Shapes (not resizable & movable properly yet)
* Import/Export of model as JSON (NOT in GUI yet)

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

added server repository to readme

README.md, after:

# UmlEditor2

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.5.2.

## Live Demo

For a live demo please navigate [here](http://185.243.8.129/uml-editor/).

## WebSocket Server

If you want to check out the WebSocket server implementation just check out the [uml-server repository](https://github.com/rmuelle4/uml-server).

## Current Features

* Drag and Drop of Class Shapes from Shape-Menu to editor panel
* Dragging of elements inside the editor panel
* Resizing of elements inside the editor panel
* Display of element's properties
* Manipluation of element's properties
* Drawing sticky lines between anchor points of Class Shapes (not resizable & movable properly yet)
* Import/Export of model as JSON (NOT in GUI yet)

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
